Admiral Blackburn (deceased)
Admiral of the royal Navy. Tipped Cpt. Richardson about the Crimson Butterfly. Stashed a lot of gunpowder at the lighthouse. Requested Loreseeker to research fortifications for his new fort. Is the ad interim successor for the baron. Pompous twat. Met with a 'tragic accident' on the morning of the 17th of Nightal when he fell off his balcony.

Aughra
Retired selkie and clerk at the Admiralty. Likely not very retired. Possibly the aide of the Intel Admiral

Barclay
Merchant family in New Baronscrest.

Baron Quinten Laurenz
The baron of New Baronscrest. Hired Val, Ewart and Merle to hunt down the assassin that's after him.
About 50 years old, grayish hair, ring beard and mustache. He has a bastard child. Mother, (human, not noble, engineer), died in Fellwallow at a collapsing tower accident. She never told him. The child's whereabouts are unknown.
Admiral Blackburn is his ad interim successor.

Bash Giantbane
Aide to Vice Admiral Bau. Half-orc. Selkie.

Birgit Wolf
Adventurer, ranger with a wolf. 

Blossom Windsaw
Druid Adventurer. Will keep an eye open for inforation she can sell to us.

Bolverk
Dwarven priest, employed by the baron. Has a prominent dent in his head caused by a fall being pushed off a roof by bloody Skimmer.

Blue Sails
A smuggler's organisation Tanith is involved with. When the group found the secret cult stash on Richardson's land they also found a note that seemed to indicate the Blue Sails are at odds with Cpt. Gi. Possibly operating from the swamp, smuggling goods into NBC through the sewers. We found a base of operations at Woodsmouth.

Boris Loreand (deceased)
Client of Leriandel Loreseeker, according to his wife Jehanna murdered in fellwallow, Lord B.L. works on behalf of Elizetta Vadovich, requested information on the location of the Magic University

Born
Innkeeper of the  Farmer's Cross Inn at Farmer's Cross

Candalaxcar the great (deceased)
Imp who lead the goblins in the Mulac temple. Had the power of invisibility. His head is currently in the possession of Dawra.

Captain Dwarf <insert name>
Captain of the Guard of the <harbour/rich> district the group alerted when Richardson was 404 and they tried to stop the assassination

Captain Gi
Notorious pirate who commands the Dark Seal. They seem to be working with the Cult and at odds with the Blue Sails

Captain Moshi Laparb
Captain of the Guard of the west district

Captain Jolene Richardson
Captain of the Guard at the market district and paladin of Akmir. Hired Val, Merle and Ewart to solve Loreseeker's murder, paid out of her own pocket.

Carl Zaid
Member of the cult. Former servant of Loreseeker. Convinced Merle is 'the assassin'.

Commander Catalina Crystalspire
Aide to Admiral Blackburn. 

Commander [placeholder]
Ordered Merle to be followed (possibly back to Skimmer?), according to the Grey Dancer's captain. Probably significant power increase after the death of Blackburn - possibly rises to Vice Admiral. Title: Reeve-By-Night.

Celoralin
Minor noble family in New Baronscrest. Lord Colin. Butler Edgar.

Chauki (deceased)
Shy human pigeon breeder who taught Merle how to read and write and who died in the fire.

Colin Celoralin
Also see Cooper. 'Young Lord Colin' is the Celoralin family heir.

Compass Rose
A dockside tavern. Tanith works here and the Night Runners are regulars there. The group found a request from Barclay to the Cult to burn it down but they intercepted the message.

Cooper
Colin Celoralin, wild mage, renegade son of the Celoralin family who wants nothing to do with his snobby relatives. Curious, restless, quick to laughter. He accidentally summoned a demon once, which is how he met Dawra's father. He accidentally summoned an air elemental during a fair which wounded several and killed two people - a memory that haunts him. And he summoned a swarm of spiders during the posh wedding of his second cousin, but that was quite on purpose. 
As Graue Maus (or Maus for short) he is a member of the Night Runners and his tag is a  fat grey mouse with crosses for eyes.
After a spectacular stunt which made it seem he wanted to kill the baron he disappeared. Eventually the group found him imprisoned in a secret room in the Lighthouse. His current whereabouts are only known to Captain Richardson, who spirited him away to keep him safe.
He has a squirrel familiar named Nutty. To make Dawra's father not eat him, he agreed to owing the demon a favour. When interrogated about his family, his eyes turned in the back of his head and he spouted "13 Prime Dark" in a creepy voice.

Cornihon
A devil, enforcer of Mammon

Crimson Butterfly
Also known as Skimmer, and Wa'athiel. Posed as a fisherman. Infamous elven assassin. Prince of royal blood from the Falpillion family. Convicted in absentia and exiled for murder ~125 years ago. Blood-eagled his uncle during a war to avenge the death(s) of family. Staged several attempts on the Baron's life, intended to frame Cooper for the murder, and got Merle sent to the Coppermound Mines to keep her safe. Claims he was blackmailed by an unknown from the navy into murdering the Baron before Frostcome and is now a target himself for failing. The blackmail pertained a (less well-liked) sister in the elven kingdom but he's pulled strings to keep her safe.

Cult of Mammon
Merle and Val accidentally stumbled upon the Cult's shrine below an old Mulak monestary, and later again when they investigated Loreseeker's murder. The Cult of Mammon is a cult dedicated to the devil of greed and attracts scum of the earth as worshippers - people who will do everything to get wealthier.

Cyne
Ewart's sister. Housekeeper of the Loreseeker house. Being trained by Val (and Tanith but we don't want to know that, really)

Dauntless
A ridiculously strong thiefling who exists to protect Dawra. Recently the group learnt he is Dawra's physical alter ego. He's also bloody heavy >.<

Dawra
a thiefling alchemist whose wings give her an unfair advantage to challenges in high places. Member of the Night runners, goes under the name of Dr. Faraway with her tag being her initials DF in white and blue. Her dry sense of humour makes her a popular member of the crew. She has a habit to space out randomly during a conversation and start talking in abyssal, which is why she can't hold a job and often relies on her friends or her special abilities to acquire (money for) food. She lives under the Pissing Pixie tavern and runs an achemist laboratory. Recently the group learnt Dauntless is her physical alter ego.

Edorie Roodraaf
nurse of the guards

Eduard Strong-Arm
Dwarf, coin master, works in warehouse 8, member of the cult of greed. Punched into a coma by Dauntless. Shape borrowed by the faceless stalker who murdered Loreseeker.
Cult tattoo in his neck, Strong-Arm tattoo. Is a branded outcast.

Elizetta Vadovich, lady
53 years old. married for 14 years (man is not a lord) Onyx lotus. Employer of Boris Loreand. Currently residing in Stigulanti mausoleum

Esmeralda Celoralin, lady
Mother of Lorelei and Cooper (Colin). Magic user, can turn invisible (according to Cooper)

Esmeralda the Green
Possibly a hag from the sister islands. 

Falcon's Toughs
Mercenary band, mainly infantry

Falpillion
Elven noble family

Felicia Barclay
Barclay sibling, property owner

Frank Divelli
Pathologist, works at the guard house of the market district.

Goldie
A good boi

Hanky Swallowfair
Halfling head of security of the Celoralin household.

Jason Celoralin (deceased)
According to Cooper, who never liked him much, he was a water elementalist and straight-laced navy man. His death was an accident of tragic stupidity, but could also have been arranged by the Crimson Butterfly. According to the same, Jason brought the gunpowder to the lighthouse. He also reported the presence of the CB to the navy.

Jehanna
Widow of Boris Loreand, mother of their newborn. She's staying in Merle's old room until the baby is strong enough to travel to <insert city name>. According to the Magpie, she's an employee of Elizetta Vadovich.

John Falcon
Leader of the infantry mercenary group Falcon's Toughs. Hired by Cpt. Richardson to assist in the operation at the smuggler's cave.

Jorick Needlefly
Lighthouse keeper

Jorish
A magic flying carpet with storage room. Responds to commands up, down, forward, stop, left, right with his name. Speed 40 ft/round. Has a summoning circle woven into him.

Layla Redogo
Owner of the Compass Rose. We know where she lives... Also, girlfriend of Tanith

Leriandel Loreseeker (deceased)
Sage and architect. Designed much of New Baronscrest. Special interest: Paleolithic structures. Murdered by a faceless stalker who was directed by Otto Beauclerc. Had a group of adventurers looking into the shrine of Mammon on behalf of Admiral Blackburn and has sent one to Frog Island to locate a Magic University there on behalf of Boris Loreand.

Lionel
Arsonist. Bought the alchemist fire at Dawra.

Loïs Johnson
Halfling navy captain who was tasked with following Merle upon her return from Fort Port

Maisa Silverfields
Illusionist half-elf who occupied the decrepit abandoned house 15 years  ago

Mammon
One of seven princes and has 1313 devils below him. Has a problem solver named Cornihon.

Marco Gwinlan (deceased)
Adventurer and ex criminal, body found dead in Magic University

Melinda
Sergeant of the jail in marketsquare

The Magpie
Someone who can gather information on people for a price (elven brandy). Hired by Val and Ewart to keep an eye on Otto Beauclerc. Told us that:
Otto Beauclerc is receiving reports from a spy ring he's running, mainly consisting of clerks. 
Otto Beauclerc arrived on a ship and seemed out of sorts, acting weird. He's seemingly recovered
Carl Zaids address
Confirmed Wa'athiel is the Crimson Butterfly and also has a fisherman alias (could be the one who took us to the lighthouse?) At the moment he's dropped his Skimmer-alias and does not want to be found
Told us Elizetta Vadovich is in the city, staying with friends who might not be aware of her presence and is looking for her employee
Told us Jehanna is the employee E.V. is looking for
Can be contacted through leaving a message at the Kelpies Mistake, or leave a vase on til on the first floor of the Loreseeker house. (with flower for quick response)

Milliam Richardson
Sister of Cpt. Richardson, farmer at Farmer's Cross. Her farm was one of the properties to be burnt down on a task list supplied by Torlon Barclay to the cult. Carl Zaid tried to buy it off her. Her farm borders on a cliff, and the caves at the foot house the cult's smugglewares, including a magical snek intended for an illegal fighting arena.

Night Runners
VERY SECRET SOCIETY

Old Brian
Famous ranger

Opal Strong-Arm
Dwarven dockworker and Merle's oldest friend. They both worked in construction when the new city was being built

Otto Beauclerc
Human, dark hair with scar on his head. Tasked the faceless stalker with killing Loreseeker. Ridiculously heavily guarded room contained a to-do list which included murdering Boris Loreand and destroying the research of the Magic University Loreseeker was looking into. Is running a spy ring.

Paul O'Neill (deceased)
A dead member of the adventurer's guild, on an assignment for Loreseeker to research architecture in the temple of Mammon.  Carried 4 of the necessary obsidians to unlock the secret room.  Mostly eaten by goblins.

Philip Delrayne
High priest of Ioth in Fort Port, brother of Rensje Delrayne

Sally
One of the Blue Sails from Woudsmouth who helped with the opration at the smuggler's cave. Also works at the general store in Woodsmouth. Knows magic and uses a trident (which is awesome!)

Skimmer
See Crimson butterfly ;_;

Stregulanti
An empoverished aristocratic family from New Baronscrest. 

Tanith
Employee at the Compass Rose. More involved with the Blue Sails than Merle really wants to know about. Member of the Nightrunners, her tag is a puffed up pufferfish and her nickname is Fugu. Girlfriend of Laila Redogo

Taker's Teeth
One of NBC's thieves guilds. Base of operations in the harbour district. Led by a half-orc whose name I forgot and I don't have my notes right now >.<

Torlon Barclay
Supposedly coinmaster for the cult. 
Supposedly hates his sister

Urban Sprite
ship hired by Barclay to transport gift to Gnome chief.

Vadovich
An aristocratic family. A member is currently residing in the crypt on the grounds of the Stregulanti family.

Vice Admiral Ross Bau
Restless, intelligent navy officer with a much more refined taste than his superior

Wa'athiel
See Skimmer and Crimson Butterfly

Xander Zonderzicht (deceased)
A dead member of the adventurer's guild, on an assignment for Loreseeker to research architecture in the temple of Mammon.  Carried 4 of the necessary obsidians to unlock the secret room. Wore the ring that made Carl identify Merle as 'the assassin'. Snipped in half by a giant centipede. 
Xander Zonderzicht (deceased)

Zarxo
lookout for Carl/cult (interesting people like Darwa) and for Barclay, hired by maid (waiting -till- the Compass Rose burns down)
